bear: add page (#14270)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bear.md

# bear

> A tool to generate compilation databases for `clang` tooling.
> More information: <https://github.com/rizsotto/Bear>.

- Generate `compile_commands.json` by running a build command:

`bear -- {{make}}`

> - Generate `compile_commands.json` with a custom output file name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate compilation database with a custom output file name:
```
